1. Deep copy( to copy a object under a object) and shawallo copy (to copy a object) - in object info will be pass thru reference and in variable the info will be pass thru value.

2.A lexical scope in JavaScript means that a variable defined outside a function can be accessible inside another function.
But the opposite is not true; the variables defined inside a function will not be accessible outside that function.

3.Arrow function does not have this. but normal function have own this.

4. JSON.parse(), it gives a JavaScript object.

5.Rest operator used the 3dots before variable and it returns the array.

6.call() method allows an object to use the method (function) of another object.
call() method takes arguments separately whereas, apply() method takes arguments as an array.
bind() method returns a new function, where the value of “this” keyword will be bound to the owner object, which is provided as a parameter.

7.Closures is an ability to remember the variables and functions that are declared in its outer scope.

8.Prototype: All JavaScript objects inherit properties and methods from a prototype.
Date objects inherit from Date.prototype
Array objects inherit from Array.prototype
Person objects inherit from Person.prototype
The Object.prototype is on the top of the prototype inheritance chain:

9. Promise.all([...]) execute asynchronous operations in parallel, using a fail-fast strategy, and aggregate the results into an array.

10. avaScript is a single-threaded programming language which means only one thing can happen at a time.
	Using asynchronous JavaScript (such as callbacks, promises, and async/await), you can perform long network requests without blocking the main thread.

11. RxJS (Reactive Extensions for JavaScript) is a library for reactive programming using observables that makes it easier to compose asynchronous or callback-based code .The library also provides utility functions for creating and working with observables.
	RxJS is a library that lets us create and work with observables.

12. Variables created without a declaration keyword (var, let, or const) are always global, 
even if they are created inside a function.

13. then() method is used to access the result when the promise is fulfilled.
catch() method is used to access the result/error when the promise is rejected.
reduce() method takes a callback function with two parameters (accumulator, currentValue) as arguments

14. pipe() to make a chain of operators ( filter(map( scan()))
	.map() method execute and apply on each element of the array.
	Tap() does not modify the source observable in any way

15. forEach() method executes a callback function on each of the elements in an array in order.

16.	filter() this methods return the true and false as per the condition.

17. Rest parameter is used in function declaration whereas the spread operator is used in function calls.

18. lodash library - 
_.concat() - it add the values in existing array.
_.find() - it find the specific object
_.intersection() -it find the common elements between two arrays.
_.isObject() - method is used to find whether the given value is an object or not. It gives true and false.
_.keys()- method is used to return the list of all keys of the given object.

19. ==> Build Creation
 We need to install the typescript (npm install -g typescript)
 then need to generate tsconfig.json file by (tsc --init) and put the "outDir": "dist"} under compilerOptions 
 then and put the {"build": "tsc"} under scripts in package.json file
 and run the build command - npm run build

 20. let have the block scope under { }

 21. Template literal means back tick with ${}

 22. 